So let's now create the Aside Post Format.
Let's take a look at this guide here. And the aside should be a post without a title.
And it's similar to a Facebook note update.
So what we are  gonna do is we're gonna display the content of the post without any title. And
we'll also display the date and the author. So that you can click on the date and go to the single post.
So let's do that.
Let's go to the content-aside.
Let's actually copy the content.
And let's see what we can remove and what we can keep.
So we don't need the title now. So let's remove the movie header, but the header contains the title and the metadata.
And we need the metadata,
so we'll have to go and grab that from the header later. And we also won't have to display the post's thumbnail.
We'll just have to display the content. And we'll actually display the content in the single page.
And also in the loop, in the archive, and index and the search and these kind of pages.
So let's remove the if condition that checks if single and displays the excerpt if not  single.
And let's keep just the content.
And let's also remove the pagination.
These kinds of posts should not have pagination. And then we'll display the also the footer, the tags
and categories.
And we also need to display the meta information.
Right, let's see what this looks like before doing that.
And as you can see we have just the content of the post.
We can also remove the "Read More" because it's gonna doesn't make any sense because here
we are displaying all the post not the except. So "Read More"
kind implies that there is more to read, but we're actually displaying everything here.
So let's remove the "Read More" link. And we need to display instead of the "Read More" link, we need to display the date
and the author after the content.
So let's go to the header and let's copy this part.
And let's put it after the content.
And let's save now. And now we have some text.
It's like Facebook notes with a date and the author. And you can go to the single post by clicking on the date
and will have the same thing.
So that's how aside post formats can look like.
Of course you can choose a different approach to display the aside post format.
But I think that's a fine approach.
So let's go to the next post format.
Let's do the, it's just Status Post Format,
we're not supporting that because it's it will be exactly like the aside post format as you can see here.
A short status update or similar to Twitter status updates, that can be exactly like the aside post format.
Let's do the Link Post Format it in the next lecture.